AL1 AL cmn
AL11 AL cmn
AL12 AL cmn
AL13 AL cmn
AL14 AL cmn
AL2 AL cmn
AL21 AL cmn
AL22 AL cmn
AL23 AL cmn
AL24 AL cmn
AL29 AL cmn
AL3 AL cmn
AL32 AL cmn
AL5 AL cmn
AL6 AL cmn
AL7 AL cmn
BR18 BR cbr
BR19 BR cbr
BR20 BR cbr
BR21 BR cbr
BR23 BR cbr
BR24 BR cbr
BR25 BR cbr
BR26 BR cbr
BR28 BR cbr
BR29 BR cbr
BR31 BR cbr
BR32 BR cbr
BR33 BR cbr
BR36 BR cbr
BR37 BR cbr
CL11 CL cmn
CL12 CL cmn
CL17 CL cmn
CL19 CL wht
CL21 CL wht
CL23 CL cmn
CL24 CL cmn
CL25 CL wht
CL27 CL cmn
CL28 CL cmn
CL29 CL wht
CL31 CL wht
CL33 CL wht
CL38 CL cmn
CL39 CL wht
CL40 CL wht
CL41 CL wht
CL42 CL wht
CL43 CL cmn
CL45 CL wht
CL47 CL wht
CL50 CL cmn
CL53 CL cmn
CL54 CL wht
CL56 CL wht
CL58 CL cmn
CL63 CL wht
CL64 CL wht
CL9 CL cmn
CPN10 CP cmn
CPN12 CP cmn
CPN13 CP cmn
CPN15 CP cmn
CPN17 CP cmn
CPN19 CP cmn
CPN20 CP cmn
CPN23 CP cmn
CPN25 CP cmn
CPN27 CP cmn
CPN28 CP cmn
CPN33 CP cmn
CPN35 CP cmn
CPN6 CP cmn
CPN8 CP cmn
CPN9 CP cmn
CPSE11 CP cmn
CPSE12 CP cmn
CPSE15 CP cmn
CPSE16 CP cmn
CPSE19 CP cmn
CPSE2 CP cmn
CPSE20 CP cmn
CPSE21 CP cmn
CPSE23 CP cmn
CPSE25 CP cmn
CPSE32 CP cmn
CPSE33 CP cmn
CPSE34 CP cmn
CPSE38 CP cmn
CPSE9 CP cmn
GC1 GC cbr
GC10 GC cbr
GC12 GC cbr
GC14 GC cbr
GC15 GC cbr
GC16 GC cbr
GC18 GC cbr
GC19 GC cbr
GC2 GC cbr
GC21 GC cbr
GC24 GC cbr
GC28 GC cbr
GC30 GC cbr
GC31 GC cbr
GC32 GC cbr
GC36 GC cbr
GC38 GC cbr
GC4 GC cbr
GC40 GC cbr
GC45 GC cbr
GC7 GC cbr
GC9 GC cbr
LN1 LN cbr
LN10 LN cbr
LN11 LN cbr
LN12 LN cbr
LN13 LN cbr
LN14 LN cbr
LN15 LN cbr
LN16 LN cbr
LN17 LN cbr
LN18 LN cbr
LN19 LN cbr
LN2 LN cbr
LN20 LN cbr
LN21 LN cbr
LN22 LN cbr
LN23 LN cbr
LN24 LN cbr
LN25 LN cbr
LN29 LN NA
LN3 LN cbr
LN4 LN cbr
LN5 LN cbr
LN6 LN cbr
LN7 LN cbr
LN8 LN cbr
LN9 LN cbr
MH10 MH cmn
MH11 MH cmn
MH16 MH cmn
MH19 MH cmn
MH20 MH wht
MH21 MH cmn
MH22 MH cmn
MH26 MH cmn
MH28 MH wht
MH29 MH wht
MH31 MH wht
MH35 MH wht
MH36 MH wht
MH5 MH cbr
MH7 MH wht
MH9 MH cmn
MR1 MR cbr
MR10 MR cbr
MR14 MR cbr
MR15 MR cbr
MR17 MR cbr
MR18 MR cbr
MR2 MR cbr
MR3 MR cbr
MR4 MR cbr
MR47 MR cbr
MR53 MR cbr
MR57 MR cbr
MR58 MR cbr
MR7 MR cbr
MR8 MR cbr
MR9 MR cbr
RT20 RT wht
RT21 RT wht
RT22 RT wht
RT23 RT wht
RT40 RT wht
RT42 RT wht
RT43 RT wht
RT46 RT wht
RT47 RT cmn
RT48 RT wht
RT49 RT wht
RT50 RT wht
RT54 RT wht
RT55 RT wht
RT60 RT wht
RT62 RT cmn
SF1 SF cmn
SF10 SF wht
SF12 SF cmn
SF2 SF wht
SF22 SF wht
SF23 SF wht
SF24 SF wht
SF25 SF wht
SF27 SF wht
SF28 SF wht
SF29 SF wht
SF3 SF wht
SF30 SF wht
SF32 SF wht
SF33 SF wht
SF4 SF wht
SF5 SF wht
SF58 SF cmn
SF7 SF wht
SF83 SF wht
SH1 SH cmn
SH10 SH cmn
SH11 SH cmn
SH12 SH cmn
SH13 SH wht
SH14 SH wht
SH16 SH cmn
SH18 SH cmn
SH19 SH cmn
SH2 SH cmn
SH20 SH cmn
SH4 SH cmn
SH5 SH wht
SH6 SH wht
SH7 SH cmn
SH8 SH cmn
SK1 SK cbr
SK10 SK cbr
SK12 SK cbr
SK13 SK cbr
SK14 SK cbr
SK15 SK cbr
SK17 SK cbr
SK19 SK cbr
SK24 SK cbr
SK25 SK cbr
SK26 SK cbr
SK30 SK cbr
SK4 SK cbr
SK7 SK cbr
SK8 SK cbr
SR1 SR cmn
SR105 SR wht
SR107 SR wht
SR113 SR cmn
SR114 SR wht
SR120 SR wht
SR125 SR cmn
SR128 SR cmn
SR130 SR cmn
SR131 SR wht
SR133 SR wht
SR137 SR wht
SR141 SR wht
SR144 SR cmn
SR148 SR wht
SR149 SR wht
SR159 SR NA
SR18 SR wht
SR24 SR cmn
SR25 SR wht
SR34 SR cmn
SR37 SR cmn
SR45 SR cmn
SR51 SR wht
SR58 SR cmn
SR80 SR wht
SR88 SR cmn
SR89 SR cmn
SR92 SR wht
SR96 SR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP1 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP10 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP2 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP21 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP3 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP31 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP35 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP38 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP4 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP49 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP5 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP50 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP6 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_CP9 CP cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP1 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP10 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP11 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP12 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP13 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP14 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP15 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP2 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP3 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP31 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP4 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP5 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP6 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP7 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP8 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PP9 PP wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ1 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ10 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ12 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ13 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ14 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ15 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ16 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ2 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ3 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ4 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ5 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ6 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ7 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ8 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_PQ9 PQ cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF1 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF10 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF11 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF12 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF13 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF14 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF15 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF2 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF3 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF4 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF5 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF6 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF7 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF8 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SF9 SF wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR1 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR10 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR11 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR12 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR13 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR14 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR15 SR NA
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR16 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR2 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR3 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR4 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR5 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR6 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR7 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR8 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_SR9 SR wht
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR1 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR17 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR19 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR2 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR21 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR27 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR28 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR29 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR3 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR31 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR32 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR4 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR5 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR6 WR cmn
whtstbk_gbs_2012_brds_WR9 WR cmn
BS25 DK dk
BS26 DK dk
BS27 DK dk
BS28 DK dk
BS29 DK dk
BS30 DK dk
